README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/battleship_ts_logo.svg" style="zoom: 80%;" />
</p>

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Mocha](https://img.shields.io/badge/-mocha-%238D6748?style=for-the-badge&logo=mocha&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![GitHub  Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/githubactions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)

<br>

# Battleship game

This repository is an implementation of the [Battleship game](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battleship_(game)>) in TypeScript.

It was meant to learn some useful programming workflow concepts such as [Test Driven Development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development) (TDD), [unit testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_testing), [code coverage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_coverage), [documentation generation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_documentation), [CI/CD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration)...

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

![](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3dbcfa4997505c80ef928681b291d33ecfac2dabf563eb742bb3e269a5af909c/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f6769746875622f6c6963656e73652f496c65726961796f2f6d61726b646f776e2d6261646765733f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765)

Commit message:

feat: :sparkles: add game and interactive console

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/battleship_ts_logo.svg" style="zoom: 80%;" />
</p>

![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Mocha](https://img.shields.io/badge/-mocha-%238D6748?style=for-the-badge&logo=mocha&logoColor=white) ![ESLint](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B3263?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![GitHub  Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/githubactions-%232671E5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white)

<br>

# Battleship game

This repository is an implementation of the [Battleship game](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battleship_(game)>) in TypeScript.

It was meant to learn some useful programming workflow concepts such as [Test Driven Development](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development) (TDD), [unit testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_testing), [code coverage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_coverage), [documentation generation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_documentation), [CI/CD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Continuous_integration), git hooks...

## Getting started

This project can be bootstraped with NPM or Yarn in order to install the dependencies listed in the [`package.json`](package.json) file:

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/johhnry/battleship-game
$ cd battleship-game
$ yarn # or npm install
```

### Running the tests

To run the tests, do:

```shell
$ yarn run test
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License

![](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3dbcfa4997505c80ef928681b291d33ecfac2dabf563eb742bb3e269a5af909c/68747470733a2f2f696d672e736869656c64732e696f2f6769746875622f6c6963656e73652f496c65726961796f2f6d61726b646f776e2d6261646765733f7374796c653d666f722d7468652d6261646765)
